Add a target field support. (#196)
logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-elasticsearch: docs/index.asciidoc

Tags the event on failure to look up previous log event information. This can be used in later analysis.

[id="plugins-{type}s-{plugin}-target"]
===== `target`

* Value type is <<string,string>>
* There is no default value for this setting.

Define the target field for placing the result data. If this setting is
omitted, the result data will be stored at the root (top level) of the event.
If `@fields` are set, the result data will be combined.

For example, if you want the data to be put in the `operation` field:
[source,ruby]
if [type] == "end" {
    filter {
      query => "type:start AND transaction:%{[transactionId]}"
      elasticsearch {
        target => "transaction"
        fields => {
          "@timestamp" => "started"
          "transaction_id" => "id"
        }
      }
    }
}

`fields` fields will be expanded into a data structure in the `target` field, overall shape looks like this:
[source,ruby]
    {
      "transaction" => {
        "started" => "2025-04-29T12:01:46.263Z"
        "id" => "1234567890"
      }
    }

> NOTE: if the `target` field already exists in the event, it will be overwritten.

Author: The following explanation seems better:
```suggestion
NOTE: if the canonical field resolved from `[@target][@field]` composite field reference exists in the event, it will be overwritten.
```
